Create funding.md (#7)
aim-rsf/ecr-day: guidelines/funding.md

## Hotel Expenses
The RSF can arrange hotel accommodation for a maximum of one day if explicitly requested in the registration form. However, if you have applied for the accessibility fund, which includes a request for an additional night, this exception will apply.

## Travel Expenses
**As part of the ECR Day arrangements, the RSF is pleased to offer a travel cost subsidy of up to £150 (inclusive of VAT) per ECR.**

The RSF team, based at The Alan Turing Institute, will manage the booking of travel arrangements to and from the Turing, in compliance with The Alan Turing Institute’s internal Travel and Expenses Policy.

There are two options for reimbursement:

> - If the ECR are purchasing tickets through their internal institution system, individual consortia are asked to collate all travel expenses for their research group and to submit a single collective claim to the RSF team for reimbursement via the three forms (not through a purchase order). Consortia will need to fill them only once. The value of the ticket should be in alignment with Turing Travel policy. RSF will then administer this to the value of £150 (maximum) for each consortium member traveling.

Author: ```suggestion
- If the ECRs are purchasing tickets through their internal institution system, individual consortia are asked to collate all travel expenses for their research group and to submit a single collective claim to the RSF team for reimbursement via the three forms (not through a purchase order). Consortia will need to fill them only once. The value of the ticket should be in alignment with Turing Travel policy. RSF will then administer this to the value of £150 (maximum) for each consortium member travelling.
```

- If the ECR is paying on their own, each will need to submit individually by filling in the 3 forms below.

> Please note if the consortia is paying for travel expenses through their internal system and can't fill in the forms and will need to invoice us through a Purchase Order, AIM RSF (aimrsf@turing.ac.uk) need to be notified by the 14th of Sept to discuss the options.

Author: ```suggestion
Please note if the consortia are paying for travel expenses through their internal system and can't fill in the forms and will need to invoice us through a Purchase Order, the AIM RSF (aimrsf@turing.ac.uk) will need to be notified by **14 September** to discuss the options.
```
